[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/event-hub/namespaces/eventhubs/consumergroups/README.md

> # EventHub Namespace EventHub Consumer Groups `[Microsoft.EventHub/namespaces/eventhubs/consumergroups]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Event Hub Namespace Event Hub Consumer Groups `[Microsoft.EventHub/namespaces/eventhubs/consumergroups]`
```

> This module deploys an EventHub Namespace EventHub Consumer Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys an Event Hub Namespace Event Hub Consumer Group.
```
